[Guide][WIP] Embeds guide (#9708)
Rapptz/discord.py: docs/guide/topics/embeds.rst

All strings
~~~~~~~~~~~~

All values passed to the embed must be a string.

Except for ``timestamp`` and ``colour`` which must be a :class:`datetime.datetime` and :class:`Colour` / ``int``, respectively.

discord.py attempts to convert all values given to string using ``str()``.
This can be confusing for beginning users of Python as they may not be aware of this, most objects have a ``__str__`` method that 
returns a string representation of the object. Most objects in discord.py also do this, like :class:`Asset`, that is returned from
attributes like :attr:`User.avatar` and :attr:`Guild.icon`, calling ``str()`` on any of those returns the URL of the asset.
That is precisely why you can pass these attributes to the ``url`` or ``icon_url`` parameter of the methods or :attr:`User` to ``name`` in
:meth:`embed.set_author() <Embed.set_author>`. It will work but it's not encouraged to do so.

Try it out:

.. code-block:: python

    embed.set_author(name=bot.user, icon_url=bot.user.display_avatar)

Character limits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Each field has its own character limit. Unfortunately, listing all the limits here would quickly become 

> outdated, but you can find them in the :ddocs:`Discord API documentation<resources/channel#embed-object>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
outdated, but you can find them in the :ddocs:`Discord API documentation<resources/channel#embed-object-embed-limits>`.
```

The link supplied isn't the correct one as you would need to scroll down further, but this one should be the correct one: https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#embed-object-embed-limits

by discord based on the metadata from the linked sites but you don't need to remember any of this.

Internally, an embed is represented with a JSON payload by the API. discord.py offers a 
builder-esque interface over this payload to help make the process more straightforward and intuitive in Python.

Let's take a look at a basic example of using the builder:

.. code-block:: python

    import discord

    embed = discord.Embed(
        title = "Hello World",
        description = "This is a description",
        colour = discord.Colour.blurple()
    )

And then we can send it to a channel using the ``embed`` keyword-only argument:

.. code-block:: python

    await channel.send(embed=embed)

On Discord, this will look like:

.. image:: /images/guide/topics/embeds/basic_embed.png
    :scale: 50%

Let's break down what we did.

First, we imported the ``discord`` module. This is required to access the ``Embed`` class.

.. note::

    You can also import the ``Embed`` class directly from the ``discord`` module like so:

    .. code-block:: python

        from discord import Embed

>         embed = Embed(...)

Reviewer 2: This feels entirely unnecessary and out of place to me, and I know this guide is intended to be more simple prose but this feels like explaining Python abc building blocks.

Author: The guide is focused on beginners of Python kindof but ig this is too much. Will remove on the next commit(s).

The ``title`` and ``description`` fields are pretty self-explanatory. The ``colour`` field is a bit more interesting.
This field is used to set the colour of the left-hand side of the embed. We used the :meth:`discord.Colour.blurple()` classmethod on the 
:class:`discord.Colour` class that discord.py provides to get the blurple colour. It can also be set to an integer
representing a hexadecimal colour code like ``0x5865f2`` or ``5793266``.

.. note::

    There is another way to set the basic fields of an embed, you can also set them after construction, like so:

    .. code-block:: python

        embed = discord.Embed()
        embed.title = "Hello World"
        embed.description = "This is a description"
        embed.colour = discord.Colour.blurple()

.. tip::
    
    US English spellings can use the respective ``color`` and ``Color`` aliases instead.

.. note::
    There are two other basic fields that we didn't show here, ``url`` and ``timestamp``. The ``url`` field is used to set the
    URL that the title of the embed should be masked with. The ``timestamp`` field is used to set the timestamp of the embed. This

>     field takes a ``datetime.datetime`` aware object.

Reviewer 3: Aware of what?
```suggestion
    field takes a :class:`datetime.datetime` timezone-aware object, such as from :func:`utils.utcnow`.
```

> .. note::
> 
>     There is another way to set the basic fields of an embed, you can also set them after construction, like so:
> 
>     .. code-block:: python
> 
>         embed = discord.Embed()
>         embed.title = "Hello World"
>         embed.description = "This is a description"
>         embed.colour = discord.Colour.blurple()
> 
> .. tip::
>     
>     US English spellings can use the respective ``color`` and ``Color`` aliases instead.
> 
> .. note::
>     There are two other basic fields that we didn't show here, ``url`` and ``timestamp``. The ``url`` field is used to set the
>     URL that the title of the embed should be masked with. The ``timestamp`` field is used to set the timestamp of the embed. This
>     field takes a ``datetime.datetime`` aware object.
> 
>     Try adding these two fields to the embed the same way we did with the other fields and see what happens.

Reviewer 3: Having these as separate objects produces a lot of noise that isn't particularly necessary. This can be partially alleviated by moving the first note into the contents itself, although the other two don't particularly fit the flow of the document, so they're probably best as notes.
```suggestion

Instead of passing fields directly to ``Embed``, you can also set basic fields after construction, like so:

.. code-block:: python

    embed = discord.Embed()
    embed.title = "Hello World"
    embed.description = "This is a description"
    embed.colour = discord.Colour.blurple()

.. tip::
    
    US English spellings can use the respective ``color`` and ``Color`` aliases instead.

.. note::
    There are two other basic fields that we didn't show here, ``url`` and ``timestamp``. The ``url`` field is used to set the
    URL that the title of the embed should be masked with. The ``timestamp`` field is used to set the timestamp of the embed. This
    field takes a ``datetime.datetime`` aware object.

    Try adding these two fields to the embed the same way we did with the other fields and see what happens.
```

        }
        embed = discord.Embed.from_dict(payload)

    .. warning::
        
        Each key needs to match the structure of an embed from Discord's API.
        Namely, the API doesn't alias `colour` and `color` needs to be used instead.
        :ddocs:`Embeds as documented by Discord<resources/channel#embed-object>`.
        

.. method:: Embed.to_dict()
    :noindex:

    Inversely, `to_dict` converts the embed to a dictionary compatible with the API's embed specification.

    .. code-block:: python

        >>> embed.to_dict()
        {'title': 'Hello, World!', 'description': 'This bot is running on discord.py!', 'type': 'rich', 'color': 65280}

Other can be found in the :class:`Embed` documentation.

Restrictions and limits
------------------------

There are a few restrictions and limits that you should be aware of when working with embeds.

Markdown support
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Markdown like **this**, *that*, and even ``this`` is supported in embeds, but only in certain fields.

More about this can be found at :ref:`_guide_topic_markdown`.

All strings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

All values passed to the embed must be a string.

> Except for ``timestamp`` and ``colour`` which must be a ``datetime.datetime`` and :class:`Colour` / ``int`` 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Except for ``timestamp`` and ``colour`` which must be a :class:`datetime.datetime` and :class:`Colour` / ``int``, respectively.
```

discord.py attempts to convert all values given to string using ``str()``.
This can be confusing for beginning users of Python as they may not be aware of this, most objects have a ``__str__`` method that 
returns a string representation of the object. Most objects in discord.py also do this, like :class:`Asset`, that is returned from
attributes like :attr:`User.avatar` and :attr:`Guild.icon`, calling ``str()`` on any of those returns the URL of the asset.
That is precisely why you can pass these attributes to the ``url`` or ``icon_url`` parameter of the methods or :attr:`User` to ``name`` in
:meth:`embed.set_author() <Embed.set_author>`. It will work but it's not encouraged to do so.

Try it out:

.. code-block:: python

    embed.set_author(name=bot.user, icon_url=bot.user.display_avatar)

> [EXPERIMENTAL]

Reviewer 2: Can I ask about the existence of this of this header?

Empty spaces are not allowed but it can be tricked with a zero-width space (ZWS) character, ``\u200b``.

Let's make a staircase of fields because why not?

.. code-block:: python

    embed = discord.Embed()
    embed.add_field(name="Step 1", value="\u200b", inline=False)
    embed.add_field(name="\u200b", value="\u200b")
    embed.add_field(name="Step 2", value="\u200b")
    embed.add_field(name="\u200b", value="\u200b")
    embed.add_field(name="\u200b", value="\u200b")
    embed.add_field(name="\u200b", value="\u200b")
    embed.add_field(name="Step 3", value="\u200b")
    embed.add_field(name="\u200b", value="\u200b")
    embed.add_field(name="Step 4", value="\u200b")
    embed.add_field(name="\u200b", value="\u200b")
    embed.add_field(name="Step 5", value="\u200b", inline=False)

    await channel.send(embed=embed)

.. image:: /images/guide/topics/embeds/zws_embed_1.png
    :scale: 50%

> [EXPERIMENTAL]

Reviewer 2: And this one?

Character limits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Each field has its own character limit. Unfortunately, listing all the limits here would get fastly
> outdated, but you can find them in the :ddocs:`API documentation<resources/channel#embed-object>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Each field has its own character limit. Unfortunately, listing all the limits here would quickly become
outdated, but you can find them in the :ddocs:`Discord API documentation<resources/channel#embed-object>`.
```
Non-medieval english preferably.
